hey everybody what's going on Frank wall
here I'm eating breakfast I'm outside
yes I am but it's so beautiful the sun
shining outside I just had to enjoy the
weather so let's check out what I'm
eating and here's our beautiful plate
that we have filled with a lot of
different foods we have carrots
cucumbers eggs with 2% cheese bagel on
the bottom with chicken breast
lots of good foods and let me tell you a
little bit about what's good about
everything all motley cashews excellent
source of iron hopes with red blood cell
function generally lower the fact that
most nuts America Lester all free avoid
too salty cons mm-hmm don't want them in
the wall roasted ah we got a little bit
of magnesium in there energy and release
in bone groove that's what it does
phosphorus bone and teeth
zinc digestion and metabolism yum yum
eat your cashews now you don't want to
eat a whole bunch of them because if
you're trying to lose weight and lose
some fat they got some fat y'all feel
too worried about it so Wow we got our
cucumbers low on calories about four
calories an ounce I mean you'll see
people using cucumber and skin lotion
and stuff like that high in fiber high
in minerals really good for you you can
actually help cut down your food intake
with a fiber in there because it makes
you feel fuller as high detox effects
weight control controls the glucose in
the body because you know unusu codes
are just gonna turn to fat BAM we got
our carrots all right check it out the
pro vitamin a keratin
really high antioxidant compounds
prevents cardiovascular disease cancer
promotes here this promotes good vision
especially night vision
here's another interesting fact that
some people might not have known for
smokers or those who get the secondhand
smoke action rolling along there's a lot
of lung inflammation calls from smoke
causes a vitamin A deficiency so lots of
smokers can live to be 90 because of
their diet hmm even smoking cigarettes
but I don't advise it don't smoke the
cigarettes please you don't need to be
doing it you're just killing yourself
slowly my grandmother died of lung
cancer from smoking cigarettes none of
you guys really need to be smoking them
they don't do anything for us seriously
all right red seedless grapes vitamin C
about a cup and a half as 85 calories
reduces the chances of heart disease you
know it's just about every single thing
I'm saying
you have a really high chance of
reducing your heart disease and
cardiovascular disease just by eating
some fruits and veggies so why don't you
do it it helps people tell you - all the
time listen also with the red seedless
grapes it helps prevent the narrowing
and hardening of the arteries they're a
little high in sugar but just like with
everything else moderate a little bit
over here you'll notice cheese and
scrambled eggs cheese I mean it's a
dairy product good high in calcium bones
and teeth protein helps build the repair
muscle tissue
it's a 2% 1% low-fat cheese dairy
products all good for you in just about
everything you're gonna moderate so you
want a wide variety of things and don't
get the dairy products at a too high in
fat eggs eggs eggs eggs are great easy
the digested form of protein there's no
reason to avoid them every egg contains
about 6.3 grams of protein four large
egg I mean they've got vitamins a d e
b12 six from 12 all those help with
energy release of protein fats
metabolism formation and the vitamins
and red blood cells just awesome stuff
eggs are amazing if you look at the
biological measurement for growth of the
protein eggs are the highest 97.6%
everybody eat your eggs milks next on
long with about 84 then you got fish was
like 83 chicken in the 80s beef and
chicken in 80 pretty much google at
everybody knows is an excellent source
of protein
bagels got a little bit more higher in
calories people might argue that they're
not so great for you but I'll have them
every now and then plus I'm eating well
over 3,000 calories a day
I need my bagels and I'm doing a lot of
power shakes too which I'll make a video
on that to share with everybody what
this is all the information that was
important to me here so thanks for
checking in and stay tuned next time for
some more healthy tips on what to eat
later guys
they than the state wanna sleep at me to
hold it against her she got three I love
the propagator here Michelle who's sexy
their own classroom you have a really
high chance of reducing your heart
disease and cardiovascular disease just
by eating some fruits and veg